what's up everyone its Tyranitar tube
and welcome to another Pokemon Omega
Ruby and alpha sapphire coverage video
even though it's been five days since
the epic announcement of these new
Pokemon games the hype isn't gone down a
single bit many rumors and so-called
leaks are going around and fans are just
excited to see what these new games can
bring yesterday Korra Coralie revealing
no new information but look at the
difference between the Kyogre and
Groudon we know and the ones on the
cover some say that the new looks are
just a result of their markings lighting
up but if you look carefully if there's
much more to it but I'll cover that in a
future video let's move on these
screenshots have been floating around
the internet showcasing Hoenn in a more
3d look this image shows the user felt
so enter into a route gate the most
notable thing in this image is the
bottom screen like in HeartGold and
SoulSilver the bottom screen has a more
menu like look and also has the poke
enough the next screenshot shows the map
activated on the bottom screen even
though these images are fake they food
very interesting ways of how the bottom
stream can be used and I can see
gamefreak doing this this image from the
same source is a fairly accurate image
on how the title screen can look based
off the title screen of x and y and this
next image shows something much
different than the others and underwater
battle dive include a huge role in the
original Ruby and Sapphire games and
there are the only games to include
battles underwater exploring the
underwater world again and the upcoming
games will be really interesting and
with Game Freak always adding new things
to remakes fans are expecting to see a
huge addition to the underwater world
these fan-made images were also created
with the intention of expressing how
fans want the game to look this image
shows the player about to enter a cave
in the middle of the ocean possibly
being the cave that holds regice this
one shows the player neared the boat
deck around rustboro city and this one
shows the player in a small island even
though these are fake they look a lot
like what fans imagined the game to look
like this scan has also been floating
around wait what the this scan has also
been floating around focusing on Groudon
in its new form in Pokemon Omega Ruby
and alpha sapphire at the bottom you can
see the original Ruby version and the
new omega ruby version being compared
and above that is the screenshot of this
new Groudon forming battle there is also
an image showing off a possible side
guard mega evolution as well as a
screenshot showing off the first route
of the game this scan is easily
identifiable as fake but it's
interesting in the sense that it shows a
fan's perspective of how they want to
give to turnout first off they show your
encounter with growl down near the end
of the game being an encounter with its
new form unlike the original game this
would make sense as the form is often
looked at as a more awakened form of
Groudon when the blue orb takes its full
effect on it
the zeiger and mega is also interesting
in the sense of supporting an idea of
Pokemon fans have a lot of fans have the
idea that Game Freak decided to release
these remakes in place of the sister
game to x-y to throw a curve ball and
make the horn remix a combination of
both what elements from EXO wide being
included in the postgame it's definitely
an interesting scan and unique theory
but I feel that it may be too much of a
stretch to combine these games as game
you could want to split the ideas into
different games to make more of a profit
anyways if you enjoyed the video be sure
leave a like
let me know how you think these new
forms of Kyogre and Groudon will play a
role in the new Pokemon Omega Ruby and
alpha sapphire games and let me know
what you think these new forms are there
will be coverage on Omega Ruby and alpha
sapphire every day so be sure to
subscribe so you don't miss out
you